Here you can determine changes in signal strength based on how far you are from the antenna.

You can do a transition analysis on the signals, moving away from the antenna and your computer for 4 or more seconds
and then returning, moving the mouse or pressing a key.

A graph of the signal strength will be shown from 4 seconds before you get to your computer to 4 seconds after.

You can also just record the signals, moving further and nearer to the antenna, noticing the change in signal strength
in the strength and gradient graphs.

The signal strength graph is the accrued averaged signal strength, so if you find that it's consistently increasing
or decreasing, then just clear the stored averages with the "Clear" button.

That often occurs with a signal that is often changing in strength. The previous average then needs to become the new
average, so it takes a while, either increasing or decreasing to get there.

Clearing the data gets the averages to reset.

Clearing the data from this form does not clear all the previous data that's been recorded, though. So you mostly just want to clear
it from here because you don't want to lose all that previous data.

It's often useful to clear this data, wait 10 or so seconds and then move nearer or further from the antenna,
noticing if the strength increases or decreases to get to the new signal strength.

The gradient of the signal strength graph, should essentially always increase when you get nearer the antenna for an
emitted or reradiated signal, although that increase doesn't last long, just until the gradient is at the required
level for the changing signal strength, then it just fluctuates around that level.

This is very useful though, because a signal that is changing in strength itself, increasing or decreasing, will still have
it's gradient affected by your proximitry to the antenna.

So a decreasing signal's strength would have it's gradient increase, because it's decreasing at a slower rate and an increasing
signal's strength would also have an increasing gradient, because the signal is increasing even more so than what it previously was.

So an increasing gradient often indicates a reradiated or emitted signal, just determine whether it momentarily increases
when you get nearer the antenna.

An increasing transition analysis is also a strong indicator of a reradiated or emitted signal.
